Following User Stories are developed based on the Learner Journey Map , keeping the
SMART guidelines in mind:
1. As a student,
I want a feature that can summarize the contents of the lecture videos into 1-3 paragraphs
highlighting 5-10 key points,
So that I can efficiently review the material and focus on understanding the concepts rather
than devoting hours to manually write notes.
2. As a student,
I want a feature that can generate concise summaries of the lecture slides, highlighting the
essential information in 1-3 paragraphs highlighting 5-10 key points,
So that I have access to revision material that I can quickly review before exams.
3. As a student,
I want a feature that generates concise summaries from videos/slides in my regional language,
highlighting the essential information in 1-3 paragraphs highlighting 5-10 key points,
So that I can understand the material better and overcome any form of language barrier.
4. As a student,
I want a feature that can generate a set of 10 questions on-demand, pertaining to the week’s
content, as practice assignments, practice programming assignments, and mock exams,
So that I can continuously test my theoretical knowledge and hone my coding skills at will to
be well prepared for the graded assignments, quizzes, and programming exams.
5. As a student,
I want a feature that can provide me with instant feedback (marking what and where I might
have gone wrong, and providing me with tips to avoid such mistakes in the future) on my
activity questions, practice assignments, and graded assignments (after deadline passes),
So that I can quickly identify the areas for improvement and start focusing upon them.
6. As a student,
I want mentor-like guidance while coding that suggests me the possible ways to proceed (in
the form of hints, syntax suggestions, and/or code snippets; one step/hint at a time) when I am
stuck, and can review my code to explain the errors and help me debug in real-time,
6
So that I can improve my ability to think algorithmically and get comfortable in coding.
7. As a student,
I want a feature that can identify my learning pain points through performance analysis and
help me devise a possible plan of action to study/revise those concepts,
So that I can primarily focus on my areas of concern and receive targeted help to enhance my
skills.
8. As a student with limited motor skills,
I want a feature that offers speech-to-text as well as speech-to-code functionality, in which I
can speak my code and the tool will automatically format and run it as per the coding language,
So that I can easily input answers, take notes, and even practice coding, which otherwise
would have been extremely difficult, if not impossible, for me.
9. As a student,
I want an intelligent chatbot that can instantly answer quick questions about course content,
assignment deadlines, exam dates; suggest study plans; recommended additional resources,
including videos, articles, and books related to the topic,
So that I can resolve such doubts immediately without waiting for an instructor's response on
the discussion forum and even explore more materials to improve my understanding further.
10. As an instructor,
I want a feature that can generate activity and practice (theory and programming) questions as
per the students’ requests,
So that students can exercise their knowledge and skills continuously without worrying about
my availability.
11. As an instructor,
I want a feature that can provide instant feedback on student’s assignments (based on the
nature of the assignment: theory or programming, practice or graded),
So that I can identify common learning pain points across the class and tailor my teaching
strategies to address these issues effectively and guide students accordingly.
12. As an instructor,
I want a feature that can help me generate about 5-10 custom test cases, that cover most corner
cases, for the graded programming assignments that I set,
7
So that I can efficiently manage assessment tasks, provide timely feedback to students, and
address student queries on the discussion forum.
13. As an instructor,
I want an intelligent chatbot that can answer frequently asked questions from students,
So that students can get instant solutions and I can save time on repetitive queries to focus on
more complex tasks, including planning following weeks’ content and conducting remedial
sessions for struggling students.